Who are you calling trash?
I said he was trash
How dare you say that our eldest young master is trash
How dare you!
He is the eldest
Exactly.
Wan Jiaqi is the biological son of our master
Also my new captain
How dare you disrespect him
How dare you!
Out of jail out of jail
I was wrong when I got out of jail
Please forgive me.
This is all a misunderstanding. This is all a misunderstanding.
It's useless to talk too much
Start your protection of the sky sea today
Can be replaced
As for your assets
I will find someone else to inherit
Sir, please come up with me
everyone
I am here to introduce Wan Jiaqi to you
Wanjia Building
What? He is really the eldest young master of the Wan family?
I thought he was talking nonsense.
We got in trouble. This time?